Here is a summary of the clinical note in 500 words or less:

The patient is a ___-year-old man who presented with left leg swelling and pain. He has a history of atrial fibrillation and recent gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding. The patient was diagnosed with a left gastrocnemius vein deep venous thrombosis (DVT) by ultrasound and was started on a heparin drip. Due to the recent GI bleed, an inferior vena cava (IVC) filter was placed to prevent pulmonary embolism.

The patient's medical history includes peptic ulcer disease, atrial fibrillation, and recent GI bleeding. He has no known allergies or adverse drug reactions. His social history reveals that he lives alone, is semi-retired, and has a history of smoking.

On physical examination, the patient was comfortable and had no signs of distress. His vital signs were stable, and his physical examination was unremarkable except for subtle left lower extremity non-pitting edema and tender cord medial calf.

Pertinent laboratory results include a low hematocrit, normal INR, and elevated eosinophils. Imaging studies showed a left gastrocnemius vein DVT and a ruptured Baker's cyst.

The patient's hospital course was uneventful, and he was discharged on no anticoagulation therapy due to the recent GI bleed. He was instructed to follow up with his primary care physician (PCP) to arrange referrals for hematology, cardiology, and GI appointments. The patient will need IVC filter removal in 3 months and may require cancer screening and anticoagulation therapy for atrial fibrillation in the future.

Medications on admission and discharge included ferrous sulfate and metoprolol succinate. The discharge diagnosis was left gastroc DVT, and the patient was discharged in a stable condition with instructions to follow up with his PCP and various specialists.

There is no specific cancer type mentioned in the clinical note, and the patient's cancer staging and progression are not discussed. The TNM staging system is not applicable in this case. Diagnostic tests conducted include ultrasound, EGD, colonoscopy, and capsule endoscopy. Surgical interventions performed include IVC filter placement. The patient's response to treatment is not explicitly stated, but he was discharged in a stable condition.